- had a dream i was hving an argument w someone and then we went driving (unsure if i was or them) and wasnt going v fast, spun out and went off a cliff, i shot through the front windshield and went flying then instantly woke up.  Ive remembered it ever since. - this ive been scared will happen but i think maybe its from a past life?
- had a dream i was sitting on touch w *omar* watching the beach's waves as a cyclone hit another part of aus (the one hitting brisbane rn - 9 march 2025) on a projecter screen, i said *something* about this is how we map emotions, not by them themselves, but by the way things move around them (now im writing this is makes sense bc how did people find blackholes?), much like you can tell there is a cyclone somewhere bc the waves around the beaches connecting it will show. like usually currents spread from the top but cylone waves come from the bottom, something *else* is forcing them to move that way. This is how we map emotions. *something else* makes humans move a certain way, away from what they really want, toward something else. Replicating that same energy (fear,anxiety). Maybe this is why we are *seeing* more adhd, bc its spreading like a wave, the feeling of being free enough to express yourself. The world is big enough toh ouse all emotions when they arnt harming another person. in the dream when i spoke of this my perspective zoomed out a little to see that our hands were connected, and then watched as our hand interlocked. there is magic in this dream, as when i realised this was important, i told myself *i will remember this, pls remember this* and got zoomed into the projector and fell into a deep sleep. This was a portal to deep sleep. I woke up and remembered everything. This felt like i was being zoomed into a blackhole (for sleep haha) and i could zoom out and come back. how cool.
